Calendar: update demo description (#2154)
DevExpress/devextreme-demos: JSDemos/Demos/Calendar/Overview/description.md

## Specify First Day of Week and Display Week Numbers

> To specify the first day of the week, assign its index (0 - for Sunday, 1 - for Monday, and so on) to the [firstDayOfWeek](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxCalendar/Configuration/#firstDayOfWeek) property. You can also display a column with week numbers. For this, enable the [showWeekNumbers](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxCalendar/Configuration/#showWeekNumbers) property. If you want to apply a week number calculation rule, use the [weekNumberRule](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxCalendar/Configuration/#weekNumberRule) property.

Reviewer: We need to tell how weeks are numbered by default.

To specify the first day of the week, assign its index (0 - for Sunday, 1 - for Monday, and so on) to the [firstDayOfWeek](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxCalendar/Configuration/#firstDayOfWeek) property. You can also display a column with week numbers. For this, enable the [showWeekNumbers](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxCalendar/Configuration/#showWeekNumbers) property.

> The beginning of the first week of year depends on the locale. If you want to apply a specific calculation rule, use the [weekNumberRule](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxCalendar/Configuration/#weekNumberRule) property.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The start of the first week of the year depends on the locale. If you want to apply a specific rule, use the [weekNumberRule](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxCalendar/Configuration/#weekNumberRule) property.
```

## Handle Value Change

> Set the [onValueChanged](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxCalendar/Configuration/#onValueChanged) property to handle the **value** change. In this demo, the [DateBox](/Documentation/Guide/UI_Components/DateBox/Getting_Started_with_DateBox/) and the Calendar both use this property to pass values between each other. You can use one of these components to change the date. See how it affects the other.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Set the [onValueChanged](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxCalendar/Configuration/#onValueChanged) property to handle the **value** change. In this demo, the [DateBox](/Documentation/Guide/UI_Components/DateBox/Getting_Started_with_DateBox/) and the Calendar both use this property to pass values between each other, and you can use one of these components to change the date.
```
